Hyperlint Automation: Broken Link Fixes (#20156)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/applications/non-http/short-lived-certificates-legacy.mdx

To secure your server behind Cloudflare Access:

> 1. Connect the server to Cloudflare as a [public hostname route](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/ssh/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Connect the server to Cloudflare](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/create-remote-tunnel/) as a public hostname route.
```
